Example: News Classification with GPT-2 (#24)
opst/knitfab-docs: 04.examples/news-classification/ollama/ollama-setup.en.md

### Instruction
# Configuring a Local LLM with Ollama for LLM-as-a-Judge Evaluation
This guide demonstrates how to set up a local Large Language Model (LLM) using Ollama for LLM-as-a-Judge evaluation. By running the LLM locally within Ollama, you can use it as the evaluator in your LLM-as-a-Judge process. This setup facilitates both local testing and seamless integration into a Knitfab evaluation pipeline.

### Overview
#### What is LLM-as-a-Judge?

> LLM-as-a-Judge utilizes the power of Large Language Models (LLMs) to assess the performance of other AI models. This innovative approach provides near human-level evaluation while offering substantial cost and time savings compared to traditional methods. 1 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LLM-as-a-Judge utilizes the power of Large Language Models (LLMs) to assess the performance of other AI models. This innovative approach provides near human-level evaluation while offering substantial cost and time savings compared to traditional methods.
```

typo?

- `-p 11434:11434`: This maps port `11434` on the host machine to port `11434` in the container, which is the default port Ollama uses.
- `--name ollama`: This assigns the name ollama to the container, making it easier to manage.
- `ollama/ollama`: This specifies the Docker image to use.

### 3. Pull the Llama 3.2 Model:
```bash
docker exec -it ollama ollama pull llama3.2
```
This command executes the `ollama pull llama3.2` command inside the running ollama container to download the Llama 3.2 model.  The `-it` flags provide an interactive terminal session within the container.

## Task 2: Deploy Ollama to Kubernetes
This section deploys and configures Ollama within your Kubernetes cluster. This deployment enables evaluation tasks running on Knitfab to access the local LLM and utilize it as the evaluator for LLM-as-a-Judge evaluations.

### 1. Define Deployment and Service resources:
> [!Note]
>
> For simplicity, this example deploys the Ollama Deployment and Service into the same namespace as Knitfab.

> > For enhanced security, consider deploying Ollama to a separate namespace. If you choose this approach, ensure you properly configure network access and permissions to allow evaluation runs to access the Ollama service in the other namespace.

Reviewer: Have you tried that deploying Ollama in other namespace?

https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service/

As far as I know, what is needed is pointing domain name with namespace.

Author: ```suggestion
> For enhanced security, consider deploying Ollama to a separate namespace. If you choose this approach, ensure your DNS query pointing to correct namespace and confirm evaluation runs can access the Ollama service.
```
I am thinking of making changes like this, what do you think?
